DM-40413: Update with USDF information (#4)
lsst-dm/dmtn-214: index.rst

Configuring a new Phalanx deployment
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The following information is only rlevant if you are setting up an independant alert broker environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following information is only relevant if you are setting up an independent alert broker environment.
```

Author: Fixed

The requirements are made clear in the ``storage.py`` files of the `github.com/lsst-dm/alert_database_ingester`_ and `github.com/lsst-dm/alert_database_server`_ repositories.
An implementation would need to fulfill the abstract interface provided in that file.

> There may be more requirements, but there certianly needs to be  an investigation if you're planning to move to a different Kubernetes provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There may be more requirements, but there certainly needs to be an investigation if you're planning to move to a different Kubernetes provider.
```

Author: Fixed
